hey guys yes it's me relentless and if
you guys saw my tweet I did save my new
phones here this isn't like a brand-new
completely different phone to get rid of
the camera phone up court which is the
Samsung Galaxy S free this is actually
just like a this day off with me to
steal where's 12 pound a month for
another phone and i'm going to show you
guys the phones have gone through the
whole process of kind of ripping the bag
open and this is all the other stuff
documents about the phone and all that
stuff so i'm gonna try that outside and
then they give you a pay as you go sim
if you decide not to use the current pay
monthly system which comes with it which
is this is the payment piece in which
i'm going to put in and just some
additional return and exchange
information and then here it is don't
miss anything else in the bag not
picking up ok here it is guys so it's
the SAT HTC Desire seat in white with
the beat school do a little bit of stuff
here in the back hopefully that focuses
bigger so so I'll just read out for you
guys it's got mmm okay so basically it's
an android phone obviously so you guys
know that it's got 600 megahertz CPU
this got a 44 gig internal memory and a
ram or five point 512 megabytes it's a
3.5 inch touchscreen beats audio support
and it's a five megapixel camera and yet
it's got a 3.5 millimeter stereo audio
jack and micro USB NFC you've got
Bluetooth 4.0 and Wi-Fi and it's got a
slot for additional memory so this is
gonna be the hard publix on doing this
all with one handed you know nothing
with me ever wears to your one hand
but you know that yeah ah see it does
work
for once okay no you don't work okay I
think I think we've got our think we got
it night we ain't got it there we go so
just go chop over everything else on the
site I've I should just go on home soil
us so it's got this like a egg egg shell
case box wing and in times like this I
never actually have like a knife or
anything with me which is so stupid all
right pause one set guys and I'll be
back okay two seconds and unpack and
then you go guys open it there there is
the handset and white I'm gonna see why
do people do this with one handy it
works so easy so that's the handset guys
I'm side a little sheets in with all the
buttons now this is actually quite a
cheap thing i'm only paying 12 a month
extra on my current bill so i'm going to
use this as a business phone and safety
regulations and HTC end-users license
agreement it's got a free pin adapter
because i am in the UK as you guys know
HTC one white and you just connect the
USB through the top it's but a white USB
stick which is obviously the charger had
to connect to your computer and it's got
some headphones which no one has
actually opened these so I'm going to go
ahead and not open them as well because
I can't do the same so one good do
guys's I'm gonna kind of put everything
together and I'll be back in a little
bit okay so I've put the battery in and
the sim card so I'm gonna have a little
look at the phone so it fits pretty much
snug in your hand and stuff it's really
small and it's obviously a low-end phone
and this actual bit here is metal to
silver bit around it so here you got the
audio the obviously loudspeaker 5
megapixel camera unfortunately there is
no flash and it had it does and what
that it doesn't have auto focus but I'm
not really going to
taking pictures with this and also sort
the beats audio on the side here is your
little charging port and then you've got
your your basic volume jack on the side
the four point three point five
millimeter headphone slot and then
you've got your own off button there and
you've also got obviously that your lock
screen and you've also got that the
little gap to obviously take the back so
we can go ahead and put this on now see
how yeah well right ok so the convent
upstate HTC you guys can't really see it
because obviously the light but this bit
will probably take a long time because
the first time you're putting the phone
on I'll get use this as a business phone
so it's going to be quite cool too yeah
that's my network free hey I'm going to
use this as a lack of business phone an
additional in case I need another you
know SAP or in case I need anything else
so you know yeah I'm going to do the
initial setup and then we'll come back
and we'll carry on ok guys so that did
take a little bit it's really slow to
actually get everything all set up but
this is the actual phone now and it's a
pretty smooth I'm going to get myself
used to it a bit and then obviously when
I find out the actual number which is on
the card bit there then I'll start out
here you know physically when obviously
business stuff come in other youtubers
and what stuff then this was the number
i'll be using so yeah my name is
relentless thank you please leave a like
and comment down below and if you are
new to my channel i do mainly game plays
black ops 2 mainly but yeah subscribe
till then see you later